They are transformed
Exeter has a speciality. I don't know why with this kind, and I'm really amazed that I've been here three times
and
People have not taken up life seriously
They are not taken up
The purpose for which they are born
It's a sad thing I feel
But again I wanted to try that maybe
You people will be able to realize how important it is to get your self-realization
Already they must have told you about your Kundalini
The power
That works out
this miracle of your second birth
It's already being done by God. He's put everything down there. It's all there. You are just ready for it
But you must have the desire
You must have an ardent desire
there cannot be any
realization for a person or any development for a person
If
the person
Doesn't desire
Your desire is the most important thing. I will be amazed that even the Kundalini about which we are talking
Is nothing but your primal desire the power of your primal desire because all other desires are
transitory
Or absolutely temporary, and they fizzle out
You want to have a house alright you can have a house
Then you want to have something else and then something else
economic ones are never sizable
So you won't ask them for this and that then you go to politics for
power
You try to have some emotional experiences all these are transitory and they all vanish into thin air
While the joy of the Spirit is the permanent, but people who are not?
Desiring it are asking for privileged things and things that are of no value at all
I tell you it is of no value to have all these things
Because you are so affluent already still there is no joy. There's no happiness there
Is no peace in the family. There's no please so we have to achieve that
Which is permanent?
Which is eternal? Which is promised to us?
You have been very carefully made into this being the human being
Is the epitome of?
The creation, but how far do we value ourselves?
about human existence
Don't you realize that thousands of years
The nature has worked to make us human beings and that at this time when you have to just become the spirit
We are hesitating
We still are dominated by desires which are not the primary desires
Normally when the Kundalini awakens a
Person definitely gets transformed, and he gets the power to get over all the
Nonsensical ideas about life all this
Misidentifications drop out I have known so many cases
We had a boy who came
from some
Pub I think and he was shouting at me, but screaming at me, and he was very very
funny
But he got his realization
Lucky he got his realization from next day. He came up
Everything there was no alcoholism the problem which doctors cannot solve nobody can treat him
There are so many who were suffering
From diseases which were absolutely incurable just got alright
That's physical side so many emotional problems like people who were mad lunatic got cured
But the spiritual problem is the main problem where people go to fake gurus and fake people there him lots of money
Run like mad and then they come back and find that they that was a faithful and they give up
But why why do like the fake guru so much and not sahaja, yoga?
We should find out why why is it that the fake gurus in this Exeter?
We had a fake guru who had thousands of disciples, and why for sahaja yoga?
We can't get people the reason is say plain and simple I was told that this gentleman who was supposed to be the Guru
Used to drink us to have women do all kinds of things and every disciple was allowed to have any kind of
Unrighteous life that they want
Because no power was given to the disciples only they had one power is to pay to this horrible, man
That's all they power. They had and they thought that we can purchase this room
We can buy this man and by buying this man. We are something
Oh, there's another one who talks that you will become great
You have to be very great Christ was nothing you are going to become very great
All such talks sometimes really pamper our ego, and we get driven to that
One should know that one has to be real and honest if you are honored not honest to yourself
How can anybody else make it you have to be honest yourself first of all that you must know that you want the?
Reality, and if you want the reality was no you cannot pay for it. You cannot pay for it
You have to become you have to become that that becoming. It's not so difficult
I tell you it is not at all difficult
Because so many people who have got realization in England there are in thousands, and they are doing very well
there are beautiful people there are all realized Souls and
They know how to handle the Kundalini they also cure people not only that but their lives are changed that patterns are changed they are
Very happy joyous people
This has to happen the time has come of your resurrection
The whole of humanity has to rise to it
This is the only solution that you can think of for all the turmoils all the destruction that is facing us today
But do we realize that we are playing a part in their destruction if you do not take to this lift
This lift is very important in our lives, and we have to do it. I do not know why but it
Is really surprising why people do not want to become themselves?
To bring it yourself is the must you are the master of yourself
You have to be the master of yourself and not of some sort of silly ideas and stupid things
if you become the master
That's really nothing can dominate you you become the free bird you become absolutely on top of everything and you can see everything as
Just a drama and a witness all this is within you all these powers are within you because the Spirit is within
The Kundalini is within
you have to just
first of all get your realization
Enlightenment and maintain it for a while
and you don't need much effort because after realization you are really empowered you get over your frivolities you get over your
Stupidities, and you get homework all these nagging habits that put you down your self-respect and everything
Now it is easy
For people to go to any you know whatsoever because you don't have to do anything you
Just have to go pay some money, and you become the disciple the guru who doesn't do anything he doesn't even travel
He doesn't do anything he sits nicely you go and give you money, and he enjoys your money, and he's a parasite
But here you are the Guru you have to become the Guru
Here you have to become the self you have to be the Guru, which is the principle already in you it is to be enlightened?
You cannot depend on anyone you have to depend on yourself, and you are already entitle and empower to be that
sahaja sahaja means
Bond with you so her is with bondage this power to be united with the divine is
With you it is within you and the time has come
This is the Blossom time and this time you have to get it if you lack behind you have to face the problems
You have to face the problems later, so those who call themselves as seekers. Those who say that we are seeking God
we are seeking the truth must know that to see the truth is to see the truth within themselves and not without if
Somebody says that you are going to fly in the air you have to see the stars in the moon's
That's not to be
Within yourself you have to see what you are and when you start feeling your spirit you start feeling others also
Because your spirit is the collective being you have to become again
I say you have to become that spirit so far your spirit is just watching you it doesn't come into the play
It doesn't come into the play it is still there in a state we can call as a witness
He is witnessing all that you are doing but once the Kundalini rises from its base. Where as you see in the triangular bone?
it comes up breaks through and you start feeling the
existence of
spirit
On your nervous system you can feel it in your hands
It is so simple that even children can feel it
Say for example in this room you have to put a light
Just you have to press one button and you get the light
But it's not so simple to look at it look simple. It looks absolutely life
If you tell a villager the one who has never seen how electricity works, you won't believe it
You won't believe that this is possible. It is so naive for his mind
Also that how can it be just you press the button and you get the light, but you do with the light?
And how because there is a mechanism here?
There is an organization behind it then it's a history behind, and there is an evolution behind it now
We are standing at the last part of our evolution the human awareness that it is today
Is still not complete if it was we would not have been so much confused
We are confused because our awareness has not reached that stage where we become the spirit
Christ has said you are to be born again. Now. There are people. I heard the other day the one gentleman came and started talking
Just like a tape recorder that Christ was just a Kundalini yogi, and all that thing who are they to judge Christ?
What do they know about what?
Is their power to judge him you see any big Tom and Harry stands up and start talking about anyone?
First of all let us know what is your power? Let's see, what do you know?
What how do you found yourself?
Please be honest about please be honest. That's all is needed because the whole nature
the whole creation
All the pervading power of course Allah is trying to do this for you
Everyone is time to die sometimes really people are preferred because the way I see these days
miracles happening to thousands of people getting realization I myself amazed
how the
Divine you itself has taken upon itself to give this
Realization to you to give this experience to you to do this for it is something so remarkable
The whole compulsion is working out
This great work this great drama of giving
realizations to you of course if you are not a seeker you will take that I mean you can teach people to see
You have to be hungry if you are not seeking. It's not easy
I know it is very difficult
And if you are not seeking you will take I think some time to do it some people who are not seeking
Also when they see so many coming to sahaja yoga getting cured
Having a better life
Enjoying themselves becoming such good people also follow them
But those who are seekers do not wait for any such things. They just jump into it get it and become
Are we going to waste our human life?
Are we not going to be what we are meant for?
For example see this instrument is made with such difficulties and with such
Care but if you do not put this to the mains
What's the use?
What's the use of this instrument is it's a waste?
It's just a waste and that's what one should know that you should put it to the mains and put into the mains itself means
getting realization
Yoga means
Union with the divine the divine power that is all-pervading this divine power
Is there we can see its effects all the living work is done by that power a?
Flower becomes a fruit through that power
we
Exist because of that power if you see these eyes
How beautifully God meant how beautifully he has made us all that is done by this God's loving power which is
All-pervading it is very subtle you cannot feel it because with this awareness. We are not yet that subject
Only after realization you can feel that power
And you start feeling it as the cool breeze of the Holy Ghost that should happen to all of you
even if it happens you must keep the
Connection all right if you are loosely connected if you do not put in effort to keep the connection on
sometimes it drops off and that's what I find people become extremely critical and
extremely
High-handed they think that why should I do this?
Why should I do this because that is how you keep the connection?
You will be amazed that in India thousands of people have got realization in the religion
Thousands and in this Exeter how many people are fine today three?
You are lagging behind, I am telling you're lagging behind once I go - how many kind
No Americans will take to it very fast because they are fed up of guru shopping
They are absolutely tired of it. They don't want to talk about it, and they want to have self-realization, but here. What are we doing?
You can imagine that
Thousands of people have already got realization. They are transformed while people
Otherwise or too much critical thing too much about it
Do not get it, but we must come to logical conclusions
Without coming to logical conclusion you should not jump on to anything blindly that's absolutely wrong use your brains
I say like today the gentleman at the BBC asked me that
How is it?
Many people are going to these fake gurus and paying them such a lot of money
I said they should use their brains what has happened to their brains. Why don't they use their bigs?
First of all you cannot pay for God's love. That's simple very simple as that you cannot pay for his
Love you have never beat
You know paid for becoming human beings you never paid for getting a flower into a fruit you
Cannot pay for all these things secondly you cannot put in any effort for a spontaneous thing
Whatever is living happens spontaneously
This is a living process of the Living God
So come to right conclusion that if anything has to happen to us it has to happen within
It has to happen in a way where we do not put in any effort
Where we do not paint?
minimum of minimum this much we should
Understand that this cannot be then the person who talks of God of divine love and things if he is interested in your purse
If he's interested in your women who leads an unrighteous life
He has no business to be a good he has no business to be there
Then we have to come to another conclusion
Very positively we are seekers. We are seekers of truth. We are seeking God
We are seeking the divine and unless until we find it. We are not going to rest
We have to find it at any cost you might have done lots of mistakes
I know in seeking people have done lots of mistake. They have gone to wrong places
They have been hit people had epilepsy that all kinds of things. I know that doesn't matter all these things can be
Corrected and improved because as I told you
the divine power itself the divinity itself God Himself
wants to save his creation because you are the epitome of
His creation he wants to give you this, but it is not because you live in a particular place
And if you are arrogant or egoistical or if you are afraid that he is going to bother about
For him the whole race of human beings is just the same if you are a human being you can get your realization
That soil is wanted that you have to be a human being and the second is the people who are really seeking get it very
fast
Some people get it very fast and also lose it very fast because they do not understand the value of that
the idea that we have to suffer for spirituality is absolutely out of take and absolutely out of
Any context because if you know Christ has suffered for us
He has suffered for us and people said that once he has suffered for us. He sucks in our sits
He sucks in our Karma's then why are you suffering?
Why do you want to suffer has he not suffered sufficiently he is to be awakened within that's what it is once
he's awakened within you he sucks in as you can see clearly they're at the
point here where it is between the
Optic chiasma near the pituitary and the pineal body is placed this subtle Center
Which when awakened sucks in the ego and superego under the sacs?
So everything will be forgiven
There's nothing to worry about the past nothing to feel guilty
Everything can be worked out so easily if the Kundalini is allowed to rise it can suck it
Once the center is awakened. There's no problem at all and you get your realization quite all right today
I was surprised that at BBC this thing the gentlemen both of them the producer
when the director both of them got realization
it's such a good thing to see that those people who are not so much concerned with spirit and
Not concerned with spiritual ascent got the realization. I was really enamored. I'm so very happy about it
I mean there are people and people who get realised no doubt like in India I would say that
People understand who is a real guru and Muslim because they are not lying about
This is the knowledge about the roots while you know about the shoot
You don't know what the roots while they know about the roots
They know what it is how to find it what happens, and how you achieve it
Everyone knows about Kundalini you won't find any Indian who doesn't know about Kundalini
Maybe they are westernized Western eyes icons
But everyone knows it is the Kundalini awakening by which you get your realization
So now I have to request again to all of you living in Exeter
I have a feeling that Exeter has lots of seekers, but they're somehow lost somewhere
I don't know. What's happening to them, and I'm very much concerned
Because maybe next time I may not be able to come here. I come all the way from London
Just to see them and what I find that they just take realization and finish off
It's a very sad thing and it should be so peculiar of this place that I can't understand. What's the reason why it happens? I?
Went to Vienna where
sixty people
got realization in first shot and
They are increasing
Every country's like that Switzerland
If you go there are at least
Thousand people who have got realization of course London because I have been there for eight years so you can imagine there are lots of
people who have got realization
But one has to know that
After getting realization you should not just sit back and say no nothing you have to see that your connection is established
For which all the knowledge will be given to you and you see that you reached a little it's a very small thing
That is to be done. If you really respect us your life as such as a human being as
Much as I respect it as much as I love I?
Am sure even one thousandth of that if you could understand what you are
You would do it because you are nothing but the spirit the Spirit
Which is the joy the spirit? Which is the attention and the spirit that is the complete beauty?
This is what you have to be you don't call yourself ugly
Or don't feel at all unhappy that you haven't got this or that no inadequacy and no picked
Nothing is going to stop you from getting realization. This is a
Day when I feel something should happen here also again, and that people should really rise
About petty things and get to themselves and develop their realization wrong
Imagine Rome a place like Rome. We have so many sahaja Yogi's and here is somebody who has come now
We are importing people from outside to come to Exeter because so many people in London. Got really fed up
They just don't know what to do with the people in Exeter
Why why are they not serious about their lives, so I would request you today
Please for heaven's sake try to get your realization and establish yourself. Thank you very much may God bless you
Will you please ask me questions if there are any I would like to answer them?
But ask questions
Which are relevant and not somebody gurus as this and that?
You see if you have got to say something
You should find your own halls and say but not to represent here some guru if he has given you something why here
Is a simple thing as that I would like you to ask me questions, which are relevant and censored
No questions yes, please yes
It's true
I great agree with you that evolution happens up to the human stage after the human says spontaneously is true
But at this stage of human beings you see we are specially made because we have lifted our head
And this is has come in to us. You see the animals don't have that eyeness
We have that eyeness and because of that happening what happens
But it the ego and superego meet here and get calcified and you become mr. Xu maker mr.
Y so your awareness is very different from that of an animal and in this awareness
You must get that you have watched your realization if you don't get it you cannot use it it
cannot be like an animal to human being it has to be awful of a
Nature that you know about you are aware of it if you are not aware that you have got your realization
Then you won't be able to use it further
That's why this is important that you should get it in your awareness very good question
But breathing exercise
Yes, I agree with you, it's very confusing you all right, it's very confusing I agree with you
You see whatever people say you shouldn't believe it now
You must see for you even what I say you should not believe but keep yourself open all right now
Some say you should do breathing exercise now. You should think about it. You see by breathing
It's a living process
What I said you come to right conclusion that you value study process is a living process all right so for living process
Supposing you have to a seat all right
What do you do you take a seat and put it in the mother earth when you put it in the mother earth?
She has the capacity to sprout all right, but supposing you
Bleeding exercises you do or don't particularly like it won't it won't come up
It will only come up if the person who has authority to enlighten you can enlighten
And then once you're enlightened you can enlighten another person so that you can verify whether you are enlightened or not
You can see with your naked eyes the pulsation of the Kundalini the rising of the Kundalini
You can you can feel it with the stethoscope
It comes upon your head here
And it breaks when it breaks there the sound stops you can hear locked up
Just like the heart beat going up and it breaks up here, and you start feeling the cool breeze coming out of your head
but the transformation starts working out gradually within you which you start seeing and you can verify it so you see -
If you say that it is spontaneous it should happen
But at this stage it cannot because you have to enter into the kingdom of God you are special people
So you have to be aware of it you should know that now I'm here everyone
We never knew till till now having put up this theory that we are hog. Evolved is sentient
We never knew that we have evolved from amoeba to this stage that was alright, but today you have to know
Because that is the blessing of God which you should know and you should know everything
Not only that but you should know what are these centers how they work out how you can handle them how can I arrange them?
How can you give realization? How can you raise other's Kundalini everything you have to know?
Absolutely without paying anything all this knowledge you have to have now for breathing somebody says you do breathing exercise now that is also
One has to do sometimes in sahaja, yoga
But in sahaja yoga, the first thing is the awakening of the Kundalini
because supposing you have a problem of the central heart as they call it now here you see the
Green one and the yellow one
There's another center there the green you see this green and that being with another bluish Center
If you see that Center one if that is out of order then you have to do a kind of a breathing exercise
If that is out of order not, otherwise you see it is the way we are doing everything is indiscriminate
We try to do something which is
Not necessary or which is which has no relationship to our troubles for our weaknesses
It's like supposing now. I have to go to London now
I don't know how the traffic is going to be on the way all right, so I
Before had if I started pushing for the traffic is
Absurd because I am not facing it when the Kundalini moves
Then only you will know where the problem is and then you should try to solve it if it is at a low
Motul or centers are at the higher centers you have to do something else all the exercises that are told
In the path Anjali over Shastra, or just a wee bit of the whole thing. There are rush talents
there are eight Angas of the
yoga out of that one
One of them has got your money amout of which one-third are the exercises these exercises only correct with backbone
The physical side of it not the secular side of it so when you just start looking after your health
person your physical side you neglect your emotional side a
Person who looks after his health too much can be a very diapers
Absolutely feeling is he can become absolutely feeling this if somebody dies you won't feel anything anything
I become a great saint
But he'll be a hot-tempered fellow extremely hot-tempered you can't go near him
If you go near and very much in your back or may bite you so that sort of a thing might happen
So you have to understand in?
complete integration
Where is the problem? What is the problem and what is the treatment needed but once it happens to you?
Then only you will know you can verify it one after another so this is what it is you have to know about everything?
You must know why you are doing what?
This why you have to do it. What is the need to do this?
What's to need to do that, but if somebody tells you just do this stand on your heads you start doing that one?
Why should we stand on orange? What is the need to stand on our heads?
Everything should be logical as I said, but once you get your realization
The whole thing becomes so logical because you start understanding the laws of the divine once you understand those laws
Then you know by doing what you get one
For example leukemia a disease dies leukemia
We have cured, and we had cured look Amy a very silly cancer can be cured also
Now whole look Amy as cost
perhaps people do not know is caused because a
Person is very hasty very speedy
Very is South sort of in the morning
He takes his breakfast in his hand sits on his car and all the time is you seen a haste
Going for his book and there's a jam on the way, and he's absolutely upset
This plane which is on the left-hand side see has to produce
red blood corpuscles
for your
Emergencies and it becomes crazy it becomes absolutely crazy doesn't know what to do with the person who's doing
3:14 simultaneously nicely when it becomes crazy the situation is created
The situation for leukemia is created, and if it is triggered as a doctor say call it. They call it as
Protein 58 protein 52 because doctors are honest
They don't want to say more than what they hello, but when we know we can tell you that what it is
But they say that these proteins entered into us. I am they triggered the
cancer
Now what are these proteins?
They say that they come from an area which is built with innocence of a creation we call it as collective
Subconscious all those things you will know how they trigger how they come in and what happens to
It is very simple to understand because here we are dealing with the principles
Which create it once it gets out of principles, then it gets on you see
Complicated, but if you know how to handle the principle you can correct it and can manage it
It's a fact you can verify it yourself, and you have to verify keep your mind open and see for yourself
All right, thank you
Should we have the experience now
Alright, but you all have to promise me that I'll work it out, but you must continue with it
You should not just give it that way because that's not good. That's very very sad as Christ has said a parable that
some seeds fell on the rocks I
Saw a beautiful red rocks near Exeter. I hope
Also, that is very beautiful soil, which is red and nice I saw already good barley fields and other fields
I hope there are people who will receive realization
as sprout into beautiful trees of sahaja yoga, may God bless
You have to just now again
I'll tell you you have to do few things
Which are simple you have to take out your shoes for one reason that the mother earth?
Helps us to suck in the problem. You see so just take out your shoes
Nothing extraordinary has to be done
Those people can come forward
How are you today are you feeling all right this gentleman
Are you all right? How are you feeling you can't how are you?
All right
Just put your hands like this it's all wrong. I mean you should be cheerful about absolutely cheerful
It's just there you to find it. That's all
This is your property which are going to have there's no obligation nothing. It's just your own
Be cheerful about it
It's nothing to be frightened. Nothing is going to its face up. Just put your hands, right
Close your eyes, please close your eyes
now don't open your eyes still I tell you because
The Kundalini doesn't rise above a certain center of arghya if your eyes are open down
So please keep them closed this test see this is against
Hypnotism where they put some spirits through eyes
so keep your eyes shut because there is dilatation of the pupil when the kundalini rises and
If the Kundalini is the eyes are not closed it stops at a point?
So just help yourself little bit cooperate with me, and it will work out. I am sure it will work out just
Cooperate with me a little bit put both the hands towards me
Just like this would both the hands if you have anything tight on your body you can loosen it a little bit and be
comfortable you have to be comfortable if anything tight on your body just
Loosen it if possible put both the hands towards me
Just like that
Keep your eyes set please
Now the first thing I have to request you that you have to say mother I am NOT GUILTY
This you say it at least three times with
Complete confidence with complete belief in yourself that you are not guilty because whatever guilt you think of it's just a speck
I'm talking about God who is the ocean of love?
the ocean of compassion
Ocean of forgiveness whatever you have done. Just forget it and say mother
I am NOT GUILTY first of all you must respect yourself if you don't respect yourself. It's not going to work out
Just say mother. I am NOT eating
Three times to say mother I am NOT GUILTY
Already some people must have started feeling the cool breeze through their vibrations are too much
Now you put your right hand on your heart
Now ask me a question mother am
I respect ask me a question thrice. Please just ask me a question with confidence mother am I the spirit
Now bring that hand down you've already started feeling the cool breeze
Down below you bring that hand down below on the left hand side on your stomach
Now here at this point
You have to say it ask a question again mother am I my own master am I my own guru
Because you are but just ask the question by asking the question the center starts with me
In a hundred way, please ask in a humble way mother am I my own guru
Now raise it again the hand to your heart and say mother. I am the spirit
Now 812 times
With full confidence with full confidence a mother I am the spirit
Now put this right hand on the left-hand side of your neck
Now say mother I am NOT GUILTY say it sixteen times because this is the punishment for feeling guilty
Is the word Center all of you have got I don't know why you sit down and start feeling guilty for nothing at all
Now put your right hand away across your forehead across your forehead
and
Just say one thing
twice
mother genuinely honestly
I forgive everyone you have to be honest if you are dishonest it won't work out mother. I forgive everyone
Genuinely please say that
This is how I'm teaching you also how to raise your own Kundalini I
Forgive everyone
Say twice
Absolutely genuinely you said I forgive everyone
Now put this hand on your head
Resting on your head in the center
To try to press it and see if it is hot or cold
Jessie
at this point I
Have to request you because I cannot get over your freedom I cannot
You have to ask for your realization. I cannot just force you down into it, so you have to say
Mother please give me my realization just say that at that point unless and until you ask for it. I cannot do it
I just can't do it I
Cannot force you into it
pressed a hard
Hard hard you press it
You can press it with fingers if you want
Now raise your hand and see if there's a cool breeze coming out
If not put your right hand and fill the left hand you can feel see if there's a cool breeze coming on
Normally people should feel it, but if you are complicated is rather difficult, but normally you should
Whole left is that you
Put your another on and see
Will the sahaja Yogi's see some of the people
Because I'm in a hurry to go today, so just let's see if you can see this gentleman
Maybe yes, I don't know this one so I question stand out
Where's editfield he did feel yes, what about